[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
At times like that, think about
the things you like, Ms. Kang.
If you do that,
it can help you stop crying.
Mom!
How disgusting.
Did you find out what her mother
was doing at the time?
- Pardon?
- Also...
there is a man living with them.
- Are you hoping that Hye Na is dead?
- Whether we find the child or not
I'm going to request an arrest warrant
if I suspect any child abuse.
Right now, Hye Na being dead
is best for all of us.
You didn't like your mother, Ms. Kang?
I...
wasn't my mom's real daughter.
Find Soo Jin.
Now, you'll be the one
throwing your mom away.
Can you do it?
Call me "Mom."
You're... my mom now, Ms. Kang?
[Call Me Mother / Mother]
Subtitles by DramaFever
Where are we going?
The house I used to live in
when I was six years old.
That house is still there?
Yeah, probably.
Because they sent me a letter last year.
Who's there?
Miss Clara.
From the time I was
six to eight years old...
I lived there with 15 other kids.
And just like those other kids...
I was a child who had been
cast aside by her parents.
Miss Clara...
was quite fat.
So I felt like I'd suffocate
whenever she hugged me tight.
She always wore this dress
that would flare out
and we'd always hide under her dress
while playing hide and seek.
Oh?
And there, I'd always smell
the faint scent of soap...
and the scent of laundry
that had dried well.
She loved kids
who ate well the most.
Grow up fast, grow up fast.
- Eat a lot, and grow up fast.
I always thought that she might be trying
to fatten us up to sell us off, but...
Is this... the place?
[This facility has been shut down.
Do not enter.]
"House of Love."
I see a light!
[Police Station]
Right now, Hye Na is...
better off being quietly dead,
for all of us.
But what if...
she's not dead?
It'll become troublesome.
Quite, quite troublesome.
According to the medical records
from December 21st...
Hye Na was hit by a baseball
on the day before
was bleeding from her ear,
and bruised her cheekbone.
Is that true?
Yes.
You know...
we looked through all the CCTV footage
from the afternoon of the 20th, onward.
I wonder what time
she was hit by the baseball.
She's coming home from
school here now, at 2:11 p.m.
And she's leaving
the house now, at 2:48 p.m.
7:16 p.m.
She looks like she's in a good mood.
She doesn't seem like a child
who got hurt, does she?
And at 7:27 p.m., you got home.
And...
at 10:05 p.m.,
you're leaving the house with a man.
I didn't see this man
entering your home
so that means that he was home all day.
It seems that you two
are living together.
He must like baseball.
Here you are,
at exactly 1 a.m.
Where did you go, ma'am?
We'll find out even if
you don't tell us
but it'll be easier for us
if you just tell us
and it'll be less of a waste
of civilian tax money...
I went to karaoke.
Oh.
Your child was injured,
and yet you went to karaoke. Okay.
All right, on the next day, at 3:23 p.m.
you two went to the hospital.
Judging from just this, it seems that
the child was fine when she went home
but came out of the house
with an injured ear.
How does it seem to you?
She got hurt the day before,
before she went home.
This was a weekday, and yet
she didn't even go to school.
At first, we thought that
she'd only gotten a bruise
but when she woke up the next day,
she was bleeding and it was infected.
Do you know how shocked I was?
I went to work early in the morning
and yet I barely managed to
come home early to go to the hospital!
I can't even make out her eyes, nose,
and mouth on this small screen
but it seems that you can somehow tell
if my child was injured or not?
Mother.
Then, if you tell us where and when
Hye Na got hit by the baseball
we'll find a witness.
Then you, Mother...
Stop calling me that!
It's not like I'm your mother!
I'm sure that you have kids
of your own at home
but would you feel good if
someone kept referring to you
as "Father" at a police station?
Wow.
Oh, I apologize. I...
Well, I'm a bit taken aback
when I hear someone call me "Father" too.
Because I'm afraid
they'll ask me for money.
Oh!
Ugh.
Please don't take me away.
I'll eat all my meals well
and be obedient.
So please, let me live here.
Miss Clara.
Please let me...
You can't turn the light on.
People will come for us
if they know we're here.
It seemed to me that your
boyfriend likes baseball.
Does he, himself, play baseball as well?
If the situation isn't
in your favor, just cry.
That's a more natural reaction
to your kid dying, after all.
And if they ask about me
tell them that I treated her well,
like she was my own daughter.
Are you...
asking me if my Honey threw
the baseball at her, by any chance?
Well, I'm not asserting that
that was the case.
I'm just covering all of my bases.
My Honey...
was far nicer to her than her
own biological father was.
Last year...
he was the one who piggybacked her
and ran to the hospital
when she got sick!
Please calm down, Mother.
Oh, oops.
I mean, um, Madam.
We still have a lot to get through. Um...
The injury she got when
she fell down the stairs.
she was burned by hot coffee.
The injury from when
she fell from a tree.
I'm going to thoroughly go through
each and every one of these.
But if you start crying already...
You know, my mom is really
good at making curry.
She's good at making other things, too.
Omurice, and donkatsu.
Oh yeah, and my name is Yoon Bok.
Kim Yoon Bok.
Thank you for the meal!
Thank you, Lord, for blessing us
with another delicious meal today.
Please watch over the other
hungry children in the world.
But you know, Miss Clara.
Who's coming after you?
Yogurt.
Are they bad people?
- A chef.
- A chef?
A hunter.
She's playing a word game.
We'd always play these
word games when we were eating.
Fishbowl.
Harbor.
Um... hole?
Idiot.
"I am the mother who lost
her child yesterday."
"I'm crying so much right now."
"But the police are treating me,
who hasn't been able to eat or sleep"
"like some sort of criminal, as if it
was my fault she disappeared."
"On the day of the accident,
the police arrived on the scene"
"long after the fire trucks
and ambulances"
"and stopped the search operation
after only a couple of hours"
"citing the weather as their excuse."
"Even though..."
"my daughter may have been calling
for her mother in the cold ocean."
Detective Lee Chang Geun
at Mooryung Police Station
snubbed me, calling me "Mother" at every
turn, when he's much older than me...
Hey.
How is that snubbing you?
What else could it be, then?
Everyone else always calls me
"Student" or "Miss" when I go out!
Nobody ever refers to me as "Mother"!
Oh, whatever! Just...
say that you were threatened.
Say that they couldn't
even find the kid
and yet they're trying to make you,
the mom, out to be the criminal.
Like that.
Honey!
Can't you stop playing
with that baseball, already?
Or throw it into the ocean,
or something!
Lee Seol Ak.
Born in August 1988,
in Cheongju.
He spent 9 months in a
juvenile detention center
due to a special assault charge
when he was 16
and spent 1 year and 3 months in
prison when he was 18, for arson.
And when he was 23, he was
fined for animal abuse.
300,000 won.
He's 31 years old now.
But he's been relatively
quiet for the past eight years.
The two things that I
absolutely do not believe
are one, that he quit gambling.
And two, that he doesn't
torment weaker people anymore.
Who did he beat up when he was 16?
Um... the old lady who lived upstairs.
He beat her up with a baseball bat
and broke her rib.
He had 12 charges in all.
Seems like that bastard
really likes baseball.
And where did he start the fire?
It was just a normal house, but he didn't
really have a reason for doing it.
He said that he just did it
because "he was curious."
Crazy bastard.
What about the animal case?
He threw his girlfriend's cat
off a balcony from the 15th floor.
Mom.
Why do people lose their minds
when they get old?
The one thing I don't understand,
no matter how much I think about it...
is that, even though there were other
teachers and volunteers who visited us...
she was raising 16 kids at once...
and yet, this huge house
was always so immaculate
and smelled wonderful.
I think she must have completely
exhausted herself back then.
And so, she has nothing left...
and has become a child, I think.
Mom.
I think there's someone outside.
Who?
Can't you hear the sound?
The sound that sounds like, "who, who"?
It's called a "Who Bird."
A "Who Bird"?
Every winter it cried, "who, who"
from beyond the hills every night...
so I was really scared
when I first came here.
But it's still here.
Want me to lie with you?
When kids first came here
they all got scared, and three or four
of them would sleep in the same bed.
Were you scared at first, too?
No, Yoon Bok.
I was always scared.
This one is my mom
when she was a baby.
And this is my mom from when
she was three to six years old.
[Nam Soo Jin]
[Nam Soo Jin: Came to Facility
on November 9th, 1986]
And this is my mom from when
she was six to eight years old.
1986.
November 9th.
I looked out the window in the morning
and it seemed that there was a large dog
tied in place in front of the house.
I went outside to see what it was
and it turned out to be a small girl,
who looked to be about six years old.
She must have been
sitting there for a long time
because it was clear that she
had urinated where she was sitting.
Oh, child!
I hurried to hold her, but she was
locked in place by a bicycle lock.
Just wait, Child.
In my hurry, I tried to
rip her dress to free her
but the child strongly resisted.
A locksmith came
and unlocked the lock.
But even then, the child wouldn't move
so I brought some
scorched rice outside
and sat next to the child.
Here.
The child...
stubbornly sat there...
and only looked in one direction
until the sun came down.
It wasn't until much later
that she said, in a tiny voice...
My name is...
Nam Soo Jin.
From the time she was
six to eight years old
my Soo Jin...
I'm here, Ma'am!
Ugh, why is it so cold here?
Really?
It's cold here, too.
- Good work.
- Oh, geez.
I spoke on the phone to the
staff at the research center
and they said that Soo Jin
said she'd come this week.
But it seems that she hasn't come yet.
I think I'll need to go there myself
to know the specifics.
All right, hurry and go.
But the thing is,
the research center is on an island
so I'll have to take a nine-hour car ride
and then take a boat
for another two hours.
- We'll start the rehearsal now!
- Oh.
I have to start rehearsing now.
Why did Soo Jin have to go to a
research center like that of all places...
- Jae Beom.
- Yes?
I said, I have to start
my rehearsal now.
Um, yes, Ma'am.
And be sure to call me
if something happens!
There probably won't be
much traffic there, right?
- Be careful when you're driving.
- Yes, Ma'am.
[Horim University Hospital]
[Patient name: Kang Young Shin
Date of scan: December 20th, 2017]
Did the kid's mom leave?
I have reasons to suspect her
of abuse and negligence.
Do you have evidence?
Not yet.
Forget about the
negligence part, at least.
Her kid is dead, after all.
Don't do anything if you don't
have any concrete evidence.
If we keep facing criticism...
I'll rearrange the investigation team,
starting with you.
You understand what
I'm getting at, don't you?
[They call themselves cops?]
[He must be out of his mind!]
"Who the hell are the police of this
country even protecting, anyway?"
"How are we supposed to have children
and raise them in this kind of country?"
[They're not even human.]
[Is it okay for cops to do this?]
Honey!
Come look at this.
All these people are on my side.
Aren't we going to eat?
Are you hungry?
Want me to prepare some food for you?
"Mom."
"I'm going to run away."
"There was once..."
"a baby rabbit..."
"that wanted to run away."
"Mom."
"I'm going to run away."
Miss Clara's nephews took her
to an assisted living facility last year
after Christmastime.
She definitely has started
to lose her mind a bit
but she's still strong enough
to hold and raise a newborn!
But her nephews want to sell her land.
Geez, she doesn't have
any kids of her own
so the entire place will be theirs
once the orphanage shuts down.
Sometimes, she still seems
to have lucid moments.
That'll be 9,500 won.
You have to wash your hands
if you've been out.
Yes, Ma'am.
Soo Jin always used her fists first
instead of her words.
She used to hit anyone she
didn't like, without discriminating.
She'd throw things
if she got mad
and scream, like, "Ahh!"
And she'd pull at her own hair.
One time, she got so mad that
she pooped out a huge turd,
right where I could see it.
Right in the middle
of the kitchen. Ugh.
She's lying.
It was a small poop.
And she just wouldn't eat!
That bothered me most of all.
As if that tiny six year old
had no will to live.
Then, she suddenly stopped
being such a troublemaker.
And she never caused
any trouble, ever again.
Is that true?
My mom wouldn't come to get me
no matter how much trouble I caused.
I don't want to become a mother.
No matter what.
I'll never become a mother.
On December 17th,
in Mooryung of Gangwon Province
Kim Hye Na was last seen at
the harbor before disappearing.
The police are still searching for
the missing Ms. Kim's whereabouts
but they have yet to find
any concrete answers.
The mother of the child
who has yet to return
is full of worry, and hasn't been
able to leave the harbor.
My daughter, who died
in such a pitiful way...
is still shivering in the cold ocean.
I want to get her corpse out of
the ocean as soon as possible...
and have a proper funeral for her.
Today marks the third day since this
elementary schooler has gone missing.
The police have been conducting
a large-scale investigation
but they have yet to
find anything significant.
Furthermore, on the internet
a post about the child's mother being
aggressively investigated has circulated
which has caused there to be
some criticism toward the police.
According to the testimony of the
person who last saw Kim Hye Na
the missing Ms. Kim was
wandering near this harbor by herself.
The name of the missing child
is Kim Hye Na.
Yoon Bok.
She is a girl who has just
turned nine this year.
She was wearing a red jacket and
yellow sneakers when she disappeared...
Ms. Clara...
said that she wanted to watch TV, so...
If you have any desire to go back
to your mom, even now, just say the word.
It's okay.
When I was six years old...
I was tied to a post
under the tree out front.
They said that when they brought me
inside to get me washed up...
my entire body was covered in injuries.
And yet, I still wanted to see my mom.
So I understand.
If you want to go to
your mom, even now...
My mom...
I only wanted to know...
how sad my mom would be
if I died, is all.
But my mom...
isn't sad.
She wishes that I were dead.
Cut my hair so that I look like a boy.
Will I be able to protect this child?
Will I be able to
become this child's mother?
I don't have a mother.
So how could I become a mother?
[DramaFever Ver] tvN E03 Mother
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
You...
were a child who
didn't cry, Soo Jin.
If you'd cried just once,
it would've made you feel better.
But it seemed to me that you'd decided
you wouldn't cry until your mom came.
And it pained me so much to see that.
It's okay.
You'll feel better now.
I don't know, Miss Clara.
Am I doing the right thing?
Why did I decide to
become that child's mother?
When I sent you away
after you were adopted...
I said the same prayer, right here.
"I really don't know, God."
"Is it the right thing to do
to send Soo Jin away?"
"Did I do the right thing?"
And now...
I think I did the right thing back then.
I'm so happy...
to see that you've become a mother.
I give you my blessing, Soo Jin.
Miss Clara.
To tell you the truth, that child is...
Yeah.
Becoming a mother...
is similar to having contracted
a dangerous illness.
Not everyone can
overcome that illness.
It's a very, very difficult thing to do.
But...
you'll do just fine.
I can tell, just from looking at
Yoon Bok for a short while.
She's so precious...
and is so considerate of her mother.
Listen carefully, Soo Jin.
Soon, some people
will be coming here.
They will come into my house
with their shoes on
and will probably
kick my things around.
These are just like the
umbilical cords of my babies.
[Nam Soo Jin]
I wanted to give this back to you...
when you returned here as an adult.
It's a sad thing to slowly lose
your mind as you get old.
But it can't be helped.
This is all a part of God's will, too.
I have to slowly make my
preparations to leave now
while I still have
a shred of my sanity left.
Goodbye...
my children.
Goodbye.
You saw Hye Na?
I think I saw her.
I hate myself so much.
Mom!
Because it feels like
she died because of me.
How many times have you
looked at this, already?
Is there something there?
I just don't get it.
A small child like this walked for
over an hour for no special reason
and is walking as if she has
a GPS inside of her head.
Does this make any sense to you?
Seeing her stop and stare
at the sky like that
it almost seems as if she saw
a UFO or a ghost.
And look, she's even
waving her hand at them.
Was it a plane?
They're birds.
See? You can see them
flying, over here.
They're migratory birds.
[Fisherman from Baek Island Port]
I told her to hurry and go home
since the winds were really strong
but she flapped her arms like a bird,
and said, "Okay," I think.
Excuse me.
- That child...
- Yes?
waved her hand at the birds
and said, "Hey, take me away, too!"
Yeah, that's right.
"Take me away, too!"
Yeah.
So, to sum things up
the mother has no interest in her child
and the man her mother
lives with is a scary person.
And every day, the child didn't want to
go home, so she wandered around
and followed the birds
for over one hour.
And this is the end of that road.
She wanted to follow the birds
and ended up falling into the water.
That's what happened.
I think it makes sense.
Is there still something that seems off?
Her homeroom teacher
gave birth to twins yesterday
so it'll be a while until
you'll be able to meet with her.
Oh, really?
Is her substitute homeroom
teacher around, then?
Why?
Um, well...
I just want to know more about
Hye Na's school life.
Or maybe about her social life.
Oh, she's not here now.
The teacher who was here briefly
went to go study abroad.
Before this incident happened.
She was a researcher, you see.
She studied birds.
Birds?
Airplane.
Seagull.
Train.
We have to clean up all the toys
in the front yard and pack our things.
Mom, Mom! "Train."
So that we can leave at any time.
Circuit breaker.
Giraffe.
("Gi-rin" in Korean)
A word that starts with
the "rin" sound?
Um...
Where are we going?
I'm thinking about it.
Miss Clara is coming
with us too, right?
We're on the run right now.
Miss Clara said that
she's on the run, too.
She needs to be taken care of by someone.
Like, at a hospital.
I can take care of her.
Miss Clara said that she
doesn't want to go to the hospital.
She said that she wants
to live with her children.
No.
Miss Clara...
is quite an important
person to me, your mother.
She was by my side during
the toughest part of my life...
and she's still the first person
I think of during tough times.
But the most important thing to me
is escaping safely, with you.
And Miss Clara wants that, too.
For me to watch over you well,
with all my strength.
She raised me to be like that.
But, Mom...
I can't do that.
I can't tell Miss Clara...
to take care, and just leave her here.
How will she be able to eat
and sleep by herself?
What if she thinks that
we cast her aside?
Has Ms. Kang Soo Jin ever told you
about the students she taught?
She doesn't really like kids, so...
Did she have personal exchanges with
students who liked birds, maybe?
It seemed to me that the kids
didn't like Soo Jin, either.
Why? Do you have any suspicions?
No, I just wanted to ask
Ms. Kang something, is all.
For example, "Could an elementary
schooler really walk 2.8 kilometers"
"when it was negative 5 degrees Celsius
outside, just because she liked birds?"
Well, when I was a kid
I walked over five kilometers
way out in the countryside
just to catch a glimpse of a
new robot that came out.
Haven't you ever done
anything like that, Detective?
Yes, well, all right.
Please give me a call
if you get in touch with her.
Yes, I will.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Kang Soo Jin.
The rings that you retrieved...
were 14, in total.
You said you'd leave when
you retrieved 20 of them.
I know that you're not the type of person
who would have left before collecting 20,
unless something extraordinary happened.
And I know that this assignment that
you've left for me is no ordinary task.
Today, a detective came
asking about you.
Even though I don't know where you are.
You remember the GPS tracker
that I showed you last time, right?
I stuck it onto the truck
belonging to the man
you told me about, just in case.
The battery will work for two years.
I knew you'd be here, Aunt.
I'm sorry.
I won't do it again.
I want to live here.
Aunt.
This house isn't yours anymore.
I'll take you somewhere
much more comfortable.
I'm the one who planted
all the trees here
and I painted all those, over there.
And I raised all my kids here,
so why isn't this my house?
Aunt.
You don't have to suffer anymore.
We'll make this place into
a beautiful vacation home
so don't worry.
What's the matter?
Why are you acting as if
what I'm doing is wrong?
Oh, whatever!
She can't even recognize people
properly anymore.
Take whatever you can take.
- All right.
- Okay.
What do we do?
Take this bag, Yoon Bok.
And from this point on,
don't say a word, okay?
Only listen to what I say,
and look only at me.
Okay?
Go in here.
Joon Young.
What?
Where did my kids go?
What are you saying?
All the kids grew up
and went their separate ways!
It feels like only yesterday
when I changed your diapers
and fed you food.
It's not like you changed
my diaper that much.
I'll walk with my own two feet,
so tell these people to let go of me.
I have a few things.
I'm going to look around
one last time.
I haven't taken my things out yet.
Yoon Bok.
You...
are my last child.
So please...
take good care of your mother.
Your mother was the most
fearful among my children.
She'd always quake in fear
because she couldn't trust anyone.
But you're with her,
which makes me feel relieved.
Miss...
Soo Jin.
Thank you for
becoming a mother.
I was so happy to have been able
to hold your child.
I'd like it...
if God would allow me to
remember this, at the very least.
The fact that my Soo Jin
became a mother.
[Nam Soo Jin]
My mom, from the time she was
six to eight years old.
I just thought of one.
Huh?
A word that begins
with the "rin" sound.
It was my turn, after
she said giraffe (gi-rin).
A word that starts with "rin."
Conditioner.
(Rin-su)
I have to tell Miss Clara.
[Missing child in Mooryung]
[Kang Soo Jin]
[Email]
[Did you get to Iceland safely?]
A detective came by
and asked about you today.
Let's go, Yoon Bok.
[To: Song Ye Eun]
Your package is ready to be sent.
Here.
[To: Song Ye Eun; Gangwon-do Mooryung
City, Baek Island-dong 203]
[Baek Island Apartment Suite 503]
Why did you send a package
to Ms. Ye Eun?
There's a 1 in 10,000 chance
that things could go wrong...
so I'm asking Ms. Ye Eun
to help us if they do.
That's 1 in 10,000, so...
chances are we'll be all right,
9,999 to 1, right?
Yeah.
There's a 9,999 out of 10,000 chance
that we'll be fine.
That's a relief.
Let's go.
I could have gone to see
a different doctor
and asked them to read over
the results of my mom's CT scan.
And said I wanted a second opinion
before making any important decisions.
But I thought about it again,
and I'm my mom's biological daughter.
So I had no reason to do that.
Explain this to me.
What's going on?
Um...
it seems that Ms. Cha
didn't tell you herself.
It has spread, so...
Wait.
It spread?
Has she relapsed?
Um...
well...
Mom.
How did you meet the mother
who'd raised you?
One night, I lay down to sleep...
when a new child came.
That child cried all night
and couldn't sleep...
Are you scared?
Want me to lie with you?
Everyone cries in the beginning.
Because they want to see their moms.
Soo Jung's mom is really sick.
And as for Hyun Jung's mom...
she ran away.
Hyun Ji's mom died while giving
birth to her younger sibling.
Ji Young lost her mom.
Mi Young's mom went crazy
and got sent to a mental hospital.
And as for Young Seon's mom...
her dad killed her mom.
My mom was scared that I'd follow her
so she tied me up under the
tree over there and ran away.
How did you get here?
But, the next day...
that child was actually
quite a large adult.
And she was quite beautiful, too.
How big was she?
Here, over here.
You're good!
She was around 32 or
33 years old, I think?
She was fully grown, and had
come to volunteer there.
I think she slept there for
about a week before leaving.
She slept quite soundly.
And had a big appetite.
And then, she came back,
saying she'd adopt me.
No! I won't go!
Please don't send me away, Miss Clara!
I'll eat all my meals and be obedient!
Please?
Why are you doing this to me, Mom?
What did I do wrong?
When it came to walking,
smiling, talking
and even choosing a man,
I obeyed you!
And yet...
why is it that you only
care about Big Sis?
Were you planning to tell only
Big Sis that you're dying?
Yi Jin.
- Don't get worked up, and...
- Do you think...
Big Sis will come running back
if you tell her that you have cancer?
The person who will take care of you
when you get old and sickly is me!
The person who will be sad is me!
I know, my daughter.
I know that you'll be sad.
That's why I couldn't tell you.
So...
are you going to die?
Even when it comes to dying...
I was presented
with a lot of options.
I could die slowly and painfully
while wasting money.
Or I could do whatever
I wanted for six months or so
and die suddenly.
What do you mean, there are
options when it comes to dying?
You have to hang in there no matter
what and survive until the end!
You have me, my husband,
and my kids, too.
I'm going to think about it
for a long time...
and then do as I wish.
The only one who didn't yield to
your will was Big Sis, wasn't she?
Let's go.
Where are we going tomorrow?
The place I want to go to
the least in the whole world.
Oh!
Wow!
It's still here.
Look at this!
What kind of bird is this?
It's a Gouldian finch.
Can't I get a haircut here?
Wait, Ms. Song!
Did you have a nice honeymoon?
Oh, hello!
You have a package.
- Here you are.
- Thank you.
All right, goodbye.
- Sure.
Huh?
[Samhwa Barber Shop]
Oh, I'm so hungry today that I don't
think I can go outside today, either.
What do you think will be fun to do?
Oh, let's try drawing a
pretty princess's house!
Get your hair cut, and play
at the playground over there.
I'll be there later to pick you up.
All right.
Why would you have her play at a
playground when it's cold out, ma'am?
Pardon?
It would be better for her to
watch TV here and eat some snacks.
What kinds of snacks do you have?
Can't I stay here, Mom?
I'm afraid that'll be
too much of a burden.
I'll entrust her to you, then.
I won't be back too late.
All right.
She said that she'd come here,
but Soo Jin hasn't contacted them
so the people here can't give us
any definite answers, either.
Then, wait for her there.
You went all that way, after all.
But I don't even know
when she'll be here...
Jae Beom.
Come back to Korea
on the next flight back.
Soo Jin...
just came here.
[Call Me Mother / Mother]
Subtitles by DramaFever
I'd like it if I could
protect myself at any time.
I have one condition.
Meet with me,
just 10 times.
I think she was a
researcher of birds.
I heard someone told you to go there.
We're on the run right now.
I need your help, Mister,
for the first time in my life.
It's okay even if it's
a little illegal, right?
They're here to catch us.
Get it together, Soo Jin.
Can you undo these?
Someone is waiting
for me, you see.
What do I do if they take away
Yoon Bok's mother?